DONE

XXX Put in a bar chart.
XXX Make heights match budget.
XXX Do dates instead of ints.
XXX Make axis labels show up correctly.
XXX Fix label position.
XXX Project type.
XXX Current date line.
XXX Spend to date.
XXX Total spend chart.
XXX Real(er) data.
XXX CSV import.
XXX Clean up import CSV to only have real stuff.
XXX Need to display date of last update. As a title maybe?
XXX Real data.
XXX Make timeline heights monthly budget instead of total.
XXX Add an example future projects to CSV.
XXX Height of proposed projects in budget/proposed chart too tall? Nah.
XXX Max height = total budget via ylim.
XXX Make it awesome at any resolution. Better ticks. Smaller fonts.
XXX Calculate yearly shares of projects.
XXX Do staffing calculations.
XXX Add staffing chart. Per quarter or month--year because that's where the budget is! Pies or columns or text? Unstaffed things by project--no, force projects to add to 100 in staffing. Data source--have an allocation table. Rate information--have a rate table.
XXX Todo: KILL REMIX, have projects and tasks. See "Another Rethink".
XXX Need startYear and endYear in allocations. That way we can properly schedule interns and contractors. Tasks fixes this.
XXX Bonus: implement ideal project JSON format. CSV is great now.
XXX Bonus: what about budget changes? Shouldn't be an issue.
XXX Bonus: How to show users that they need 3x this years budget in the pipeline? Oral tradition.
XXX Correct budget details.
XXX Bonus: legend. Location--Top left inside each chart.
XXX Bonus: actual spend by quarter? No, too much information.
XXX Spend by internal versus external. Not a priority now.
XXX Bonus: better labels on bars.
XXX Bonus: V&V? Later.
XXX Bonus: graphics for staffing chart? Too hard. Table is messed up.
XXX How big a PDF can we make...? Gigantic. But better to make http://matplotlib.org/examples/pylab_examples/multipage_pdf.html.
XXX Put rates inside the task table.
XXX Move resource estimates to a multipage PDF output. 
XXX Finish the worker hour piece.
XXX Test data make it show a cool test.
XXX Readme.md updates.
XXX How is it going to be run? python budget.py inputTasks outputFname. Implement this.
XXX Publish open source version on github.